[Unified Recorder] TestProxyClient takes test context to generate recordings at desired location (#17388)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/test-utils/recorder-new/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 1.0.0 (Unreleased)

## 2021-09-27

> - TestProxyClient takes test context to generate recordings at desired location. [#17388](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/17388)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `TestProxyClient` now takes the test context to determine the location of the recordings. [#17388](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/17388)
```

How about this?

Author: ok, brother!
